Wait, he's fake.
Tell your men to let my brothers go, I will spare you.
Then don't blame me.
Landlord Duong Don't
Don't move.
We want to be hired.
No reaction haha
Recruiting you guys still doesn't have this qualification.
Someone killed them all.
Magic leaves cut into silk.
For saving my life.
I will spare your life.
Don't listen to him.
He is the fake King of South.
Am I right?
Lord of the Road haha
Don't mess with the king.
From now on, I cannot live without your benefits.
If it weren't for her spying in the Beg' Gang.
How can I catch all the beggars?
It turned out that he had proposed a reform plan.
Just tricked us into coming here.
Pham Huyen, you bastard.
You cannot die.
Pham Hien, even if I were a ghost, I would not let you off.
Yes, yes.
Pham Hien is definitely not a spy.
Hurry up!
I will kill you today.